# Matplotlib
 Written description of three observable trends based on the data
 1. In terms of trends by city type, urban cities contributed to the largest percent of total fares, rides and drivers with two-thirds of the total amount for the former two and over two-thirds for the latter. Surburban cities came in second with just under a third of the total amount respectively and rural areas saw the lowest amount with 6%. This is to be expected as urban cities tend to be more densely populated and therefore ride demands would be higher in these cases which in turn contributes to a larger portion of the total fares. There would have to be a higher supply of drivers as well to account for the high ride demand. 
 2. It appears that as the number of urban city rides increase, the average fare goes down. For surburban cities, as the number of rides increases, the average fare remains mostly consistent and hovers around the $30 mark. For rural cities, there seems to be no correlation between average fare and number of rides. Average fares in rural areas seem to be higher than those in urban areas which is likely due to longer ride distances on average than in urban cities.
 3. There is considerable variation in the amount of drivers available as well as the ride distances in rural cities which is important to factor in when assessing trends for average fares in rural areas. There are some urban cities that have similar numbers to some rural cities and the correlation is called in to question for these areas so they may not be classified correctly, further analysis may be required on population and geographic size.
